=== Things to change in future edits ===

The big:
* Write unified currency conversion fetch tools and integrated configuration for it
	and for fetching prices with cron. This will include making the printListing
	table generator do many currencies. 
* Turn all the little methods which do transform data between get and print methods
	so they have uniform names. I think this will be tranFunction where Function
	is the name of the method.
* A new kind of picocode which does all existing picocodes. This requires a picocode
	central point which interprets their basic machine names and does the calls.
	It will also need a parser which reads old and new picocodes from the site as
	Pages are printed
* Make the price list system site wide and accept inserting items from the pricelist.
	This will require making machine names on the price list. To maintain backward
	comptability this will 'pricemap.txt' and convert to human readable names
	on the pricelist. One then will be able to include prices with exchange rates
	on any page of the site.
* Make it detect the Linux disribution and webserver in use to render the site.
	This will use the webservers version string, and maybe someone else has
	code for checking what Linux distro is in use.
* Turn the guides feature into a subpages feature.
	The subpages system exists and the guides will be morphed into this code.
	However the guides will have special filenames and I am not quite sure yet
	how I am going to hack it so it uses printSubpage() to do it. Since the
	printSubpage() method uses getFileName() it could feed it the guide file
	name instead of a subpage. Easy way would be IFs.
* Create a parser so one can declare with a new picosite syntax for using BBCode
	instead of HTML to write pages. This makes it less of a learning curve.
	Also one should be able to write a template in BBCode for all the pages.
* Make a picocode so one can create an automatic link with the machine name of a
	subpage for any category that exists. This may also have other formats as
	a way of making other special links.
* Once done with the automatic link picocode implement a way for links to display
	status of if the site is up. Sites will have to be mentioned in a datafile
	that is written by a cron script. This will allow hidden services to be
	listed and people will know if they are working.

The small:
* Allow one to place subpages from folders in the menulayout.txt
